OpenAI experiments (#87)
skuid/skuid-labs: experiments/dataSources/openAI/Readme.MD

# Open AI data sources

<img src="OpenAI_Introduction.png" width="500"></img>

> ## Adding Open AI functions to a Skuid Page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adding OpenAI functions to a Skuid page
```

We don’t need to add hype to AI. It’s been everywhere recently. Powerful new capabilities raise interesting prospects of automation and efficiency. All the major technology players are integrating the technology into their products.  

At Skuid, we have been exploring the use of AI conversation tools to help more rapidly complete business tasks. Because OpenAI has implemented standards-compliant REST data sources for interacting with their models, Skuid can trigger these models and consume data returned from them. 

> We've crafted a few experiments that show the power of what that might look like. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've crafted a few experiments that show the power of what that might look like. We've primarily focused on the large language model (LLM) GPT APIs, though we've also included an experiment in image generation using DALL-E.
```

- In an “Account Creation” flow for a Sales Organization. Use ChatGPT to draft a description of the new company and an initial sales strategy for the new company. 
- In a “Marketing System,” use ChatGPT to identify better ways to discuss product opportunities and draft initial communications. 
- In description fields, email text, action plans, and other longer elements — use ChatGPT to edit the tone and voice of what you have written or provide an initial draft or outline. 

## Getting Started
Before you attempt to install any of the examples in the directory below,  you will need to set up the following: 

#### Get an Open AI Account: 

If you haven't signed up for an account yet, go ahead and do so!

Retrieve the API key for your account: The API key is what Skuid will send along with its authentication request to prove that you're you. We'll use this in the data source configuration step.

#### Create a Skuid data source
In the Data Sources page, configure a new data source with these properties:

> - **Name**: OpenAI

Reviewer: After reading the rest of the instructions, I think this is a broader fix to make across all Readme files and page XML.

> - **Name**: OpenAI

Author: I'm going to fix this more globally,  and ensure all XML data sources use the same data source name we suggest in the initial instructions.

- **Data Source Type**: REST
- **URL**: ``https://api.openai.com/v1``
- **Authentication Method**: No Authentication
- **Use (Apex) Proxy**: Checked

> And within *Headers to send with every request*, append the following values in the **Common Request Parameters**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Append the following key-value pair in the **Common Request Parameters**:
```

I don't see the "Headers to send with every request" copy in data source creation, and we also only create one additional header.

- Authorization: ``Bearer <paste your API key here>``

> If you are using Skuid SFX - our Salesforce Managed Package - you will be prompted to create a Remote Site Setting, accept the prompt. Otherwise, you'll need to create one manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Skuid SFX - our Salesforce managed package - you will be prompted to create a Remote Site Setting. Accept the prompt, or you'll need to create one manually.
```

Some capitalization and a comma splice
